RAIImageFrames/README.md, before:

# RAI Dataset Frame Description

This directory contains frame images extracted from videos in the RAI dataset. Each image represents a continuous 5-minute segment of the video. The frames are arranged in chronological order, and key frames (shot start and end) are highlighted for easier analysis of the video’s structure and content.

## Frame Structure

- **Each frame image represents 5 minutes of video**: The frame images display video frames arranged one row per second, covering the duration of the 5-minute segment.
- **Key frame annotations**:
  - **Shot start frame**: Marked with a red rectangle, displaying the frame number.
  - **Shot end frame**: Marked with a green rectangle, displaying both the frame number and the shot index.

## Frame Naming Convention

Frame images are named sequentially in the following format:

    RAI-<video_number>-X.png

Where:
- `<video_number>` represents the video number, for example, `1` stands for video `1`.
- `X` is the frame image index. One image is generated every 5 minutes, starting from `1`. For example:
  - `RAI-1-1.png` represents the first 5 minutes of video `1`.
  - `RAI-1-2.png` represents the 5 to 10 minutes of video `1`.

## Frame Image Source

These frame images are extracted from videos in the RAI dataset. The RAI dataset is available from the following website:

[Scene detection in Broadcast Videos - Imagelab, University of Modena and Reggio Emilia](http://imagelab.ing.unimore.it/imagelab/researchActivity.asp?idActivity=19)

## Notes

The frames are generated according to the actual frame rate and shot information of the video. To analyze specific content, please refer to the frame numbers and shot indices.

Commit message:

Add RAI dataset shot labels

RAIImageFrames/README.md, after:

# RAI Dataset Frame Description

This directory contains frame images extracted from videos in the RAI dataset. Each image represents a continuous 5-minute segment of the video. The frames are arranged in chronological order, and key frames (shot start and end) are highlighted for easier analysis of the video’s structure and content.

## Frame Structure

- **Each frame image represents 5 minutes of video**: The frame images display video frames arranged one row per second, covering the duration of the 5-minute segment.
- **Key frame annotations**:
  - **Shot start frame**: Marked with a red rectangle, displaying the frame number.
  - **Shot end frame**: Marked with a green rectangle, displaying both the frame number and the shot index.

## Frame Naming Convention

Frame images are named sequentially in the following format:

    RAI-<video_number>-X.png

Where:
- `<video_number>` represents the video number, for example, `1` stands for video `1`.
- `X` is the frame image index. One image is generated every 5 minutes, starting from `1`. For example:
  - `RAI-1-1.png` represents the first 5 minutes of video `1`.
  - `RAI-1-2.png` represents the 5 to 10 minutes of video `1`.

Each RAI video corresponds to a `RAI-<video_number>.txt` file that contains shot labels, recording the start and end frames of each shot.

## Frame Image Source

These frame images are extracted from videos in the RAI dataset. The RAI dataset is available from the following website:

[Scene detection in Broadcast Videos - Imagelab, University of Modena and Reggio Emilia](http://imagelab.ing.unimore.it/imagelab/researchActivity.asp?idActivity=19)

## Notes

The frames are generated according to the actual frame rate and shot information of the video. To analyze specific content, please refer to the frame numbers and shot indices.
